the staff here is the following is a stick
simple stick is 15 years old but
simplesinho heavy itá with chiquinho
radiotube I'm flying with energy
gazinho 9 gasoline is the Robby King
the motor that everyone sometimes speaks badly
the problem is as follows:
Engine is good as I did here I did
here you see I put it straight as
if it was a goal
Okay, prioritize to talk, it was Mr. Isei.
today an escape from the 52 thousand king beings
the tank came back through a filter and
I put it right into the carburetor
I ask you not to touch the
originality cable Lador because once
you touching originality
It's going to be very difficult, that's what I did.
I went to touch
I had a hard time being able to
regular again
ok this engine is a total savings gem
I got to make a flight now little god.
55 minutes with a 220 ml tank
Ok the ignition issue put a
span and a half touch I put the palm trees
you can see that the cable has a span and a half
the propeller they recommend a maximum of 12 4
12 6 was put 12 6 stayed perfect
he likes when he went to get them
they like that he arrived he likes cigás the pado
very tasty the standard he likes well
soggy he will catch easily
I'm going to try to grab it with a finger.
and his throat you have a
idea o open is not well in the 100 by
cent need not be up to 13
fourth hatred and can see that he is
open in idle there and stays open
Okay, so this is it I'm doing 30 per
one because it's brand new 30 for one
so it stays one more day you can
until you make 40 45 50 you want ok let's
I'll try to give a boy there
God and do not get us
making toy art center linking ignition
a model
I want you guys to see the idle
this engine
Look how cute the staff talks a lot
of this engine but look idle
who has this excellent engine and played
old deck
Okay, hold on the bride. I'm going to accelerate to
he sees when he wants to move
the pepal now I will give a little to show
for you
the owner of the plane goes that the now champion
in category law
this bad engine
I'm going to make a landing now, we lose.
a touring plane
and people who did then become health
in a little while it's bad the engine is not bad
the tour is good the question is that he tried
henrique gaguim
looks at idle this engine is a
pretension 55 minutes
the tank 200 ml ok I'll change iraq
then with 220 ml and got to 55 minutes
between quotes in a6
acceleration ok then again not to move
in the originality needle was where I
I was wrong and I had to regulate everything again and
It's not easy to regulate, is that needle?
This cable guy, okay?
You are normal as if you were a
normal goal tank and that's it folks
is a perfect motorcycle and 100%
thank you very much chic